bunch of middle-aged guys said they have
a draft like you know typically football
players have a real draft they get
picked for various teams these guys sit
around and draft players off real teams
onto their fantasy team
oh really err quoting right now fantasy
team so you can have like someone from
this is probably not a football team the
Lakers no no everybody's to be from a
football team you can't have a guy from
because I draft basketball players
gorgeous yeah yeah seeing although that
would be a good idea but is there
fantasy basketball wait so is this like
is this like D&D for like the sport yes
yeah preacher said there guys would
escape their wives they look down they
look down on dungeons and drag it down
on nerds but they think this is cool
wait so hold on yeah Lakers is a
basketball game so bad for you yeah you
better soon listen anyone out there is
you want to know me I'm actually a
fucking idiot sports no I thought you
were you said that definitely like help
you okay I was generally fucking stupid
and I eat right that's like that's funny
okay I don't mean to like cut into your
story with my dad my dad is a huge
sports fan yeah and I remember this one
time he's like Cory you got stout
shoulders you could be a quarterback and
I'm like football stinks and he got so
fucking mad at me it could have been
before me he likes this and then he was
like what sport do you want to do and
I'm like I went to dodgeball
are you fucking us oh man at me should
have been mad danca throw dodge balls
are you dodgeball is really fun this is
confessionals outlaw dodgeball team it's
not even a real odd really thing going
like the local quarterback in hang out
with bed story battle beds you want to
hear another story about a magical where
Joseph enter the helmet let's go that
Jesse's wouldn't go too far for this
who's this mansion these tangents evolve
that's the point of a podcast
god forbid more I just remember your
story about Missy football God if you
wasn't even the story I was Jenna I'm
like fuck so I decided that was a prep
it me and my friends you see this is a
reason why
dodgeball there was also this time I was
going to do soccer but playing against a
Mexican team is not fun and they try to
like warm up in heels I'm not joking
what did H other widen I don't know I
like when they play soccer okay
no fan no Mexican team in Mexico no no
they're just likes you know friends
they're like Mexican friends oh do the
Mexican that dude there's this big
people who all difference Manik okay cut
that out so they all all right they all
have decided to join up as a time all
right this is gonna sound like some
awful fellow Mexico do so take yourself
I'll give it battle come on this is
gonna sound incredibly racist all right
what's this Hispanic group of people
were friends and then they wanted to
play for a cow or like cow a pig like
play for a pig whoever wins gets the pig
the family Pig I'm not even fucking
joking I swear like each look like a
barter system thing I go yeah yeah it's
true and I was like oh yeah I thought
this was gonna be awesome game of soccer
I was muscle just innocent here's the
thing though what same choose to pick it
wasn't thing that we were they were
playing soccer before like a soccer
field so we were just playing we were
like having fun I was learning how to
play soccer so I was like being his
first steps trying to do all this stuff
then these guys come out and we're like
okay we're gonna play now I grew up
there was like kung-fu soccer everything
looking like cake my ankle and almost
break my legs and I was like I was like
what if I touch the ball they like
tackle underneath me they was literally
like maybe there's normally no it was
that they were an actual like they were
fighting for the pig that's why they
were funny beating my ass to the corner
what else what a little bit U of I was
funny for a pig I'll go crazy too yeah
but I didn't don't even know how to keep
a ball on my general direction and these
assholes were fucking tackling me and
kicking me while I was calling have you
written a paper for me now listen okay
I haven't pigs delicious been better
because I still a pig a full pig all
this story what actually ended up
happening is we lost because guess what
I'm not good at soccer and I'm fucking
failed the team because I kicked the
ball out of bounds like seven times and
so they got default points your dad
proud no he wasn't also that but so that
but anyways the tangent before that was
I went to a dodgeball thing and this
dodgeball thing we see was a community
dodgeball thing they did it every single
Sunday it was like a special thing where
you could go play dodgeball of random
people it's this guy who before there
was this guy who before every game I'm
not even fucking joking he would powerup
like a super sand and I want is this the
guy who show you his dick as a power
ranger no this is a different time it's
a different story
this is a guy who he would power up he
was like this nerdy guy these girls
would be around him they'd be like hey
like glance good let's go do something
he's like hold on babe and watching
Dragon Ball Z all day I gotta get ready
to power up and he would get up off his
stool and you would actually let go how
do you feel like do like the whole like
thing and right when they start just the
all these balls was fucking humble this
dude to be like six balls hitting him at
once
cuz he's like you have to catch him
already get someone up you're a dirty
liar cause I swear to fucking god before
I even did he get the aura there's like
you
yeah heavily at level one or level two
you guys when I got out of Bounce I was
like well we do what power you he was
like searching this he already recently
yes shit that's worthless yeah the guy
barely stronger than the farmer come on
Owen discovery super 13 any fucking
destroying okay
no one heap it fucking dropped every
single ball that's because he's a shitty
marrow level he was like this like seven
foot giant who couldn't catch balls it
was kind of fun to since the seven feet
ways to play dodge ball because it's
easy to hit it he's a community thing
it's good most of P toll I would just go
full of the story we use the streets
well the story we used to sneak out
around 3 a.m. to go play dodgeball but I
hope you didn't follow that pony
moralist or never had that pony you just
add that now very spicy boys - engine
revving up I'm just added to probation
Gordon so pretty simple story
parents friendly cottage that I Hector
I've been doing scoreboard a story boys
always do information nobody had